This is a head-gum original.
Back in studio, once again, first time in 2023,
we've got Emma Silver's former head-gum intern current Hollywood powerhouse and George Sava.
I'm also sort of a Hollywood-like. I'm at least a house.
You're at least a woman.
I am at that house.
I'm at that house.
I'm in trousers from New AD.
New AD.
N-E-O-I-T-Y is a little boutique in...
Did you decide that's how it's pronounced?
How would you pronounce it, N-E-O-I-T-Y?
N-E-O-I-T-Y.
Oh, and yours is cooler.
Yeah, yours is way cooler.
Well, at some point...
No, it's N-E-O-I.
Sorry.
We're just...
You just won second.
Sorry.
At one point, during the show,
I'm going to ask you to stand up and give us a spin.
So we can see that that ass.
Yeah, he looks good in them.
Thank you.
This is the nicest you've been.
Yeah, all of you.
Thank you.
It's all thanks to N-E-O-I.
This is sponsored by N-E-O-D.
With promo code, what's that?
You're going to 50% off your pants at N-E-D.
Well, if anyone's wondering why this doesn't look like it usually does,
it's because Casey took the video interface and flew to New York with it.
I know Jeffrey looks really chill and cool in his glasses,
but he's been spiraling.
It's just that we have a studio in New York with the same interface.
Yeah.
Same exact video interface.
Unless it was broken.
Unless the interface in New York was broken.
And with Casey, I'm so sorry, Casey.
But if it wasn't, I don't know why they need to.
I wonder why, because you called about it to find out it was in New York.
And if I were on the other line of that call,
I would say, oh, it's because the New York ones broke it.
And they didn't say that.
They didn't say that.
Yeah.
So I would assume that it was all fine and well.
Good.
You've got a lot to get to today.
Emma, you've never heard the show.
Never.
So.
I said, I said, tell me what to expect.
And you said, come camera ready.
This is the thing.
By the way, people don't like when I just have my actual real-life friends on the show,
because I'm less interested.
Does it work?
No one.
No, it's that.
Well, here's why I'm not.
I'm not.
And they like George.
Thanks.
Okay.
Can you believe that?
They like me.
No, people don't like it because I'm usually not as mean to y'all.
So wait, can I get the conceited of the show?
You're mean to everyone.
Do you want to hear the elevator pitch?
Mm-hmm.
It's 45 minutes of mean spirited pop culture discussion.
I already fucked it up.
Wait, take it again.
Take it again.
It's a long elevator.
It's like a billionaires row at elevator ride.
Yeah.
It's 45 minutes of pop culture discussion.
Mean spirited games and quizzes and gotcha journalism.
Your information will be doxed.
And it's basically-
I love it.
It's like between two ferns meets taskmaster.
I don't know.
That's like a weapon.
Taskmaster is great.
Do you know taskmaster?
What is everybody say that?
Because this show is not like taskmaster.
Have you watched taskmaster?
What taskmaster?
I love taskmaster.
I love it.
It's a British panel show.
Uh, it's where they just make them do tasks.
And it's so much more endearing than what, like, the American version could ever be.
Which is, by the way, this.
Yeah.
Certainly.
Well, they did an American taskmaster that didn't really stick.
All right.
Uh, but it's like, I don't know.
The British comedians are so much more endearing about it because it feels like they're not.
It's thirsty for attention.
And it's also hour long.
Sure.
So they have the taskmaster.
So what are you talking about?
Is that he loves Europe?
I do.
Blanch City.
I have a cousin.
Are they in Paris or London?
Yeah, yeah.
You're just saying, I have quantum crumpled Neil.
You said it like Oprah giving away a gift.
I thought of saying it like Georgia constraints.
Really?
I want you to be like mean.
Oh, that'll come naturally.
Okay, by the way, you're like, you're, this isn't your house.
You know what I mean?
It's not your domain.
So like don't, like,ion.
Do people ever kick their legs up on this coffee table feel like I never see that?
People haven't you want to be the first to test it out
Day will weeks
Emma, I don't know if I introduced you in the way that you wanted me to I didn't say your credits. I don't need you to say my credit
Okay, I'm just a good. I'm a good vibe. No, I'm a cool person and good person
You're out. Yeah, no, I'm a good person to be around. I'm a good friend. I'm a Leo
No
I didn't even finish my thought about
We're shooting these on two iPhones that are sitting on chairs. So I think it's a lot of gum. It's called the head gum podcast and they don't give me any help or any notice
Casey taught me how to use the studio. So I was like great
Studio is always set up two years straight. It's been set up. I'll come in on a Saturday
So I don't bother anyone and record a podcast with my friends
We walk in and now there's just I walked into a really crazy energy
Crazy energy and I'm energetically sensitive
I was crazy here. It was crazy here. It was crazy here. You should be on senior superlatives
What's that? Sorry, is that another head gum podcast?
Wait, that's I actually've seen I have seen
The week Daniel Craig is out as 007 so every week until the next James is cast
We're loving up our pick for the next bond
What do you guys got who are you guys going with I can also start if you're nervous. I want to go last okay
I'm gonna say Bryce James
Who is that that's Lebron's youngest son?
Not the one that's it conversations around that's what I'm saying is
Bron is the talk of the town. He's the talk of the nation. He's going to play in the NBA probably
Bryce not as good at basketball
Doesn't even have as much of a personality as Bron is so I'm wondering if he kind of sees how he fares over
As James he's already you know how the price James bond. What's that? How old is he? I think he's 12
And I'd a curiosity how the game works is it has had James in the name. It does not okay
Give me anyone okay. Yeah, I'm I'm trying what's gonna like in dear me to people
These yeah you gotta keep those thoughts inside because we're all thinking because it's like our people are gonna like me
If I say like I think Megan from Megan to the bottom. No, no, George
Haven't seen Megan. It's kind of gone love
What's the hot thing infinity pool? I want the goot. I want the chain the collar the leash
What oh, is that I haven't seen anything. Stop right here reference. You don't know
Um, no, you said it. Okay, so wait, which one is it Megan from Megan or is it
The or is it
Make
That was a really good impression though. I got it really good my gosh, like you're being too nice
You're being so nice. I love him and that's a big talk with syndrome people rarely get there in an episode
We were out last week my sister was visiting
Uh, and Emma turned to my sister and said it point to me and said we hate him
When did I say the heart the grand
Don't yeah
Don't not remember the grand wait, but no of course you remember the grand
I did I say that I felt like it was it was Aberbone
That's crazy. I feel
I'm so sorry. No, it's okay. I just been thinking about it
Okay, you're bonded the week wait, and who's his
Megan the doll
Right, right, right, or
Megan
Josh Hacks saying
Yeah
You're getting further and further
Yeah, I'm into my first one
I knew I would you just it like bane
Okay, I wish oh, did I ever show you my uh my character Anthony Borbane
Was it I wish born in a kitchen
That is so stupid and then this is him. This is Anthony Borbane at
squirrel
I was born in a kitchen
MOLLY
That is such a niche
Oh my god
That was so stupid
That was right. That was just for me. That was just for me. I was also kind of for George and he was like it at all
Well, I just know it's from a sketch we did two years ago
That's what I just say there's two camera angles what is just the souls of your feet
In earlier camera angle was just Jeffrey's a knee. Yeah, we should say that the molded by a joke was because
No, y'all these jokes don't explain it. They get it. They get it. They definitely don't get it
Most people who listen to the show do not live here. What view? How many lessons are you getting?
week
That's not true between you get stage right for the rest of five times. I was like about 15 people
Listen to me. Sorry no fans. I know you are successful and good at podcasting
That's how many how many lessons you have to get such that they remember to leave the
important piece of equipment that you're able to record in the studio
That remains to be seen. I think it's more just that people don't like me personally
Like it could be a million lessons a week and they just would not you know rank is your tight-up cream
Yeah, I really like it. I got it from Gimmy Danger more local L.A. This is also why people don't like when I have my friends on because we just talk about our actual lives
Wait, where it's Gimmy Danger? It's a on Sunset in Coronado. It's on the side of a cliff
Oh, thank you
Wait, I'm curious if you rank that all the shows on Hank um it's at a chill
I want you earn earnest to rank them in
In quality and also literal amount of lessons they like like an amalgam of both of those things like a new metric no two
I want two different ranking yeah, I don't know the numbers, but if I had to guess listener ship it would be dough boys
Oh, no, sorry. It's nad pod dough boys if I were you
Got you're gonna do this
That's that's the top three. I don't fucking know beyond that
I know perfect person has a lot too, which is the new one with bile's bones and you're a shout out
But in terms of what I like yeah, I'm so fair podcast. What's your podcast? It doesn't have to be held gum
Oh, Hollywood handbook
That makes me laugh a lot every episode. The woman they do with Adam to Marco was so good. I love Adam to Marco
Yeah, he's who is that guy? He's out your bond of the week. I don't know Marca. So no
Okay, my bond of the week. I'm like my brain is so broken. Can I tell you who of me they came to mind?
I don't know if either of you will get this reference. Okay, there's a guy
If I'm an old YouTube video where he's or like old vine I want to say maybe it's TikTok
I don't know what when it was wrong, but he has a high-waisted pants. He's like hunched over
He's really shortly screaming in the park. Oh my god in New York. Yeah, do you know I'm talking about him? That's my bond of the week
And for those who don't know I'll put him up right here. Thank you
That's very funny
Yeah, yeah, Megan would do her own stunts
We have to move on. I cannot stress enough how much we have to get to
I'm excited. I'm having fun. You guys are having fun
I'm not
I'm this the least amount of fun I've had on this I prefer it when it's on zoom
Yeah, that's what everyone says because it's not first of all again
I'm trying really hard to be mean to your face. It's really difficult
But I think I'm succeeding and it's hard to I think I'm succeeding. Yeah, I feel like I'm I'm
Being mean on your path. I'm wondering if you would be a guest host. Oh, I would love to
Not now, but like I'm saying if I need one you've kind of captured the tone perfectly and you never heard the show
I feel like I'd also be a really good guest host
You know
Gwen's cultural hilariously admits that she uses her under eye masks during meetings quote
Sorry, not sorry
Queen
That's my god. What's an under eye mask?
We do not I'm so sorry. I'm actually dead as you not know. I can like yes, I think yes like
It's
Okay, I want on it's like it gets rid of like eye bags. Yeah, okay. I get the utility and then
So she uses that in meetings and
She's not she's sorry, but she's not sorry. I like I love her. I love my girl boss
I genuinely love her
I would you like one other person and it just sort of like I didn't ally
Yeah, we need a Marieco. We need an amere. That's the other thing
I cannot stress to you guys enough people are not gonna like this episode because of me or and or Marieco are not on
You guys are my actual friends. We're talking about LA references. It's shot poorly. It's interesting
They're this is like the recipe. Can I say something though? I wonder if it'll have like a the room
Ask audience that'll find it and have fun with it. Yeah, because it's so bad. It's so
That's left to say Twitter. Oh, yeah, what's the drinking game of the this episode or the show? Okay
Yeah, let's do that, but you know obviously drink responsibly George
I didn't say what they were drinking okay drinking liquid whatever you
Hooch. I was gonna say hooch. Uh, here. I guess here's the drink the head
Compod guess drinking and you can play with any episode drink when I say what's that?
Drink when there's a damn Daniel sound effect. No drink when there's a bomb drops out of effect
Drink when there's an applause sound effect
Drink when somebody drink when a new guest doesn't understand the show
Drink when I bring up something deeply
Personal about myself or y'all
Drink when I mentioned anything related to kink drink when
I make fun of somebody who's not in the room and drink when a
Theme song goes on way too long
I think those that's a good start. Yeah, but I'd like for somebody who has time on their hands to come up with a better one because those you know
Somebody meaning an audience member that you wouldn't pay
I'm just wondering my assistants are interns. Yeah. Yeah, they got to be quality experience. Yeah
All recipes recently tried every peanut butter to determine the best to determine the best
What do you think one? I have a strong opinion on what's the best peanut butter justans
I couldn't discreemore. I'm now I said it was on Georgia side. Okay
Santa Cruz Santa Cruz no palm oil added all natural peanut butter crunchy and is that
Is that like spelled like the city or is it spelled like Santa's on vacation? Well deserved by the way
Wait, how's the city one spelled S a NTA space CRU Z? Uh-huh
And the other one is S a NTA space CRU IS okay. I was like okay the first the firm
I think that's what it's called now. I'm like freaking out
It's amazing
I don't think it's called Santa Cruz Cruz spelled like a vacation in about
I'm just in my head all of some
Last works year-round for y'all well for you
And
What's your favorite peanut butter?
Jeff and guess what so does all recipes Jerry's time
I also like Jeffrey Seinfeld sorry interrupts no I want you do Jeffrey Seinfeld. Yeah, do Jeffrey Seinfeld. Oh my
George
Peter
Great, that was really good. Remember school. Do you know Jerry Seinfeld dated um high score?
Yeah, married that high school
Didn't I don't think so? No, but I was all laughing until you that was by me. I think at that point someone would have said stop
No, I thought that he married somebody who he dated very young
I know a manual McCrone married his teacher
That I didn't know yes
President of France I've heard of it. I would know because I'm obsessed with Europe. Yeah
I'm pissed because you went from this Italian file Italian file
Persona non-Grotta by the way and now you're shifting into like a francophile thing
I don't know if I'd ever go full francophile the French scare me. I'm visiting my friend
pastry chef who lives in Paris. Okay, this is perfect for the segment that's gonna come later
Because what is that? What is that pastry show your life is crazy like I feel like there's parts you always do have friends where it goes huh
I'm surprised George has friends
No, no, it's like French who are they friend. I'm never fucking heard of this my friend Connor
I've known him since high school that I mean and that's the wild card is that it's off in a high school
Friend who's gone on to do something awesome people from Ohio are
End up doing cool things. Well they end up in a meeting the state shout out
According to a recent study and so apparently our masters of detecting breast cancer early
thoughts and so you're
Parents like
That's why we won't get a better joke and that per the Idaho statesman this Idaho restaurant made yelps top 100 places to eat
Can I say one thing about ants this I know you said we're not gonna get a better joke
And this is in a joke. It just sort of feels relevant my my cousins who are in England
Who I mentioned already I'm gonna aunt they the aunt lives there. Also she has
breast cancer so
I pressed the button before you said I saw what that what
I want to say I'm sorry about that
They they think they've gotten most of it removed but last I spoke to her over the like the holiday break
She's like I don't know I think I got to go in for some more stuff
I hope this isn't a joke that you're doing it's not a joke. I just thought it was relevant after the joke about ants and breast cancer
I would be remiss if the the family I talked about in England I didn't mention that I've an aunt who has breast cancer
I think she's doing okay okay
I'll report back
When I go
I think people love
So what was this about the girl being on fire
Um
Play sound
Play the sound again
Per the Idaho states manager
This Idaho restaurant may just top 100 places to eat swallow your pride, boysy
Is he's comfort kitchen of
Core de la
Idaho
Was named the 43rd best place to eat in America
No boysy restaurant has ever made the list what do you guys think?
Major major major major upset. Yeah, boysy supposed to be cool. I've heard boysy's cool from hell
From Jake and Amira actually hmm. Yeah, uh another high school friend
I don't talk to this one as much anymore
We've to boysy seems to be doing pretty well based on Instagram
We're where have you been in the country that you that you like that's like random that would be like you know
What you know where is actually a cool place to go is this place
It's a really good question and if you guys have answers. I'd love to hear yours first
But my immediate reaction is like and it's not that people don't assume that this area is cool
But I think it's cooler than people even think it is and that's like
Upstate New York like Ulster County Kingston woodstock
I think it's awesome and I want all my friends to move there
But you're gonna you're gonna be on a commune and what stock is that be ideal? I mean there's the bird cliff institute
Where you can like apply for an artist's residency
So I I've considered especially if something bad happens in my life
You know like a tragedy. I lose a friend or like I lose a lover
You know whether that's to like another career that takes the vow of the state or the country or whether that's
You moving to Italy? I don't know. Maybe I'll move to woodstock and do an artist residency for this podcast
I thought you were saying like if you lose someone because then you'll have like a muse of sorts to produce art at
No, I just want to have anyone to hang out
Because I'm not interested by the way in expanding my circle beyond what I have no sure keep your circle small
Because especially when you have all right now. I'm getting excited and angry like when you are ascending to the heights that I aspire to
It's gonna get lonely or lonely
Sure, so let me finish and it's like you have to make sure that you keep
And then you keep your circle small
So your friends are close where you enemies
And it's and it's like it's it's who can you trust you?
Yeah, who's gonna be the one second and it's who's gonna be there for you? Sorry one second
And it's and it's like who's gonna be there for you like you know because you wasn't with me you haven't said a
Great sentence
I was and then you're sort of being just one second, actually so basically it's like the the higher you ascend the you know
You look a certain chance me just one second
Because it's like who do you trust because you wasn't with me shooting in the gym you know what I mean?
You wasn't with you shooting in the gym. That's a drake lyric about how yeah
Like his new friends. Yeah
No, I grew to every single thing you said I've never felt more connected to someone or something
For you have a huge
Oh
It's um
That was I wouldn't have said anything it was a straight-long
Sorry I did a lot of blow last night
TJ Holmes can't stop grinning amidst a fair allegations
Is it gone?
Yeah, the book is gone
Wow, just yeah, who's TJ Holmes
He's a former good morning. Oh my god. I'm so hot he couldn't be hotter. She couldn't be hotter
They're still together. There's still grinning. Was that what we're telling? Well, he can't stop grinning. So I still look at her. You know
Yeah, do you know about this? No
Okay, I was obsessed with that so good morning, America. You heard of it. Yeah, JMA. Yeah, so the two had
People the like marid fear a Matt Lauer yeah, but of good morning, America
Both not separately okay
Started having an affair. Oh, but what was like so fun about it was like the way they did not give a shit to hide it at all and in like all of these videos
It is then blatantly flirting on camera. Oh my god and like doing these like if for Instagram videos where they're like
Doing bits with each other and like they're clearly fucking is there a super cut
They're probably is out there and then as soon as it came out that they were like fucking and like having an affair
They just kept hanging out in public and like having so much fun together and like being like QE and like like like hanging like like
Himming behind her like wrapped around her on like a ledge
Yeah, my question is like
Where do you go from hosting GMA like because they got fired by the way? That's the up
Oh, they'll get like what just so crazy we're having a affair yeah, which is so dumb because
Like they what the view the numbers. I'm sure what wow
Yeah, I mean I hadn't thought they they had to been like fully diddling each other under the desk. No
You were George what no, they were in love. I think they were in love
We're in love you would literally each other other. That's not no it's that it's a it's like a national broadcast network show and so they want to you know a peer Puritan
I think that that he starts his own like podcast
Oh, yeah, TJ. I think that's what's gonna happen. Please. I'd love to have you on the show
They're also so rich like how right a book
Yeah, he'll just like I'll come with his hot co-host
Oh, you apologize
What is well just grin and bear it the bear selfie
Oh, my god, he's holding me for auto seemingly taking his cue from Madonna
Normally the city of Boulder open space and mountain parks trail cams
Capture bears scratching or eating or giving viewers a rear view
But sometimes the bears investigate the cameras and out of 580 images captured by one trail cam
About 400 or bear selfies so obviously the bear was looking for you know the right angle
For one photo side profile. This one is giving you a little leader noted one viewers on his game
Oh, so pretty I feel pretty and witty and gay
We don't even know if this bear is a girl or a boy. I can't say for sure
It didn't say well that's exactly yeah and just like with humans
I'll be there will rejects upon instead of a face
Wildlife experts never know which critters will trigger their motion activated cameras
Be at a wild turkey a prairie dog
A leaping fox or a howling coyote and now we're howling over 400 bear selfies
Playing an actress trying to come out of hibernation, but I must admit I'm ready for my close-up
Maybe not that close up
And quit bearing your tongue
Genie moes, see in it
I'll yoke
A minute I could have pulled a minute from that
Clio
They would see an an anchor and
Usually her stuff is pretty tight. Yeah, she she left a lot in there. Yeah, you think it was a slow day
So we're filling the hour
I mean if it was a slow day, I feel like they would have spent more time editing it, right? So like I feel like it was probably a really
So was it a girl or a gay guy
There
Why do you ask?
Yeah
Stray guys don't take selfies
He's don't
Guys this episode of our show is brought to you by better help
I've talked about this for years guys, but the reason I go to therapy is so that I can be the best version of myself
And show up for those people in my life that I love and the things in my life that I love as the best version of myself or the best possible version of myself
That I can be all right and a lot of that is due to therapy and that's where better help can help you
When you're at your best you can do great things
But sometimes life gets you bogged down and you may feel overwhelmed or like you're not showing up in the way that you want to
And working with a therapist can help you get closer to being the best version of you
Because when you feel empowered you're more prepared to take on everything that life throws at you
Again, I'm in therapy every week. I had therapy today. I'm feeling light. I'm feeling limber and feeling alive
I'm feeling wise
And it's all because of therapy and better help expands access to therapy by making it more affordable and also
Making it flexible and entirely online just feel out of brief questionnaire to get matched with a license therapist and so which therapist at any time for no additional charge
So if you want to live a more empowered life therapy can get you there visit better help.com slash what's that to get 10% off
Your first month today again. That's better help hlp.com slash what's that? Thanks better help
Oh
This is a segment I like to call breaking story with jory
Is it some of our current segment
We'll see how it goes first time I brought it up got it, but I think it has the potential to be I mean this would go to my
guest hosting campaign
I got asked a guest host. I know, but I think I'd be a pretty good make it pretty good run
Okay, I'm fine. I you're so funny. I thought that was a picture of you and then I just let you mispode your own things all mixed race guys
Look at this
Buck up you're self-cating by
racial
What did you say about me?
Nothing nothing. I know I'm just let's just say I'm glad it's a lease
The the lease of the apartment we live in together. No, that's great
This is breaking story with jory
Jory being like because you know how like you know it's like ramen you know
Sign fell, you know if you had your multi-cam
In theory it would be George because that's my name
But you know American sea George spelled with an S and they instantly think it's you know I caught him George is yeah
Well, who is it is it like to your face and I was being so nice I was like trying to explain
Introducing a bunch of people like kept calling George is who called you gorgeous George is was that's Shelby or
Master
fight
Fight does and then my friend cinnamon frost
Breaking story with jory uh so yes, if you sold a show where you're you know in it
Starting in it. It's a multi-cam is kind of cheesy. Yeah, I think it would be called jory. Kind of a different story
Sort of relates to jory. It's like it's like quick. Yeah. I'll be really quick
And then you can explain what this segment is. Okay, great. Um, I was like buying a suit
And I was like the one that was being pushed to you. It was very it was very me
I had the guy it's looming dales like hold it for me and I was like I'm not gonna come back to get this
But he helped me for so long. I felt bad
And he's like what name should I put it under and I was like George and I spelled out my name G E O R G E S and I watch what he typed and he put in G O R E
Gory
So pretty close
Yeah, he made with the one
You did tell me that story and it is very funny to me, so maybe we'd be boring
But I still think spelled this way. I had a my freshman year in high school by O teacher was named Mr. Gory
Okay, he's before anyone pushes any sounds he did die
Little podcast that Jeffrey's trying to do
Breaking story with Gory. So let so I I brought this up to because a you work in TV writing
You are and then also your personal life in my opinion
It's kind of like a sitcom and it's kind of like that classic sitcom where it's like
There's no way this would happen. What's up right where this is going continue?
I just thought we could break some story for like
Gory like so the show is called Gory right spelled G E O R Y right and so it's
It's very it's very they're right behind me aren't that yeah exactly so let's say this is season this is like episode 318
Right we are we know the show we know the character this is a 24 episode series absolutely wow
We got an order networker. This is gonna be
Networks
Yeah
No, it's a Netflix multi-camp
That is such a specific vibe. Yeah, so it's called Gory
This is episode 318 so we are in the midst of the show
We know what it is who are the characters first of all. Let's get our cast
Okay, there's Gory
There's Gory Gory gets introduced last week. I want to wait. Sorry. Is it how old is he
Are we in high school? Oh, he's we're 27. Okay, this is your little current life. Oh, this is my current life
And it's real so you want me to like this real people my life
It's boss my boss. Yeah, damn damn
Gory
Which we are gonna maybe need to change the name just so people don't get confused because you're Gory right I think it's a drink
My name George has a soft G sure and you're
You've also changed it from Gory to Gory over the course of like this are quite a lot you've changed your own pronunciation
Breaking story with Gory
So there's a Gory and then Gory. Why's it called breaking Gory?
Because I'm sort of breaking at the seams. You're we're the segment
I got it the segment is called breaking story breaking story for the show for the so joy I'm up to speed
Unless you're like leaving the persona again non-grata of
Jory because then it would be like breaking what do you think for son and non-grata? It means you're not well
On the set of your own goddamn show if you shed the identity of Jory because that's what's sold the show
And that's what brings in the listeners and the other I think it's more interesting to me to also think about
What the drama is making Gory right so behind
In like a Larry Sanders way do I run my own room? Yeah, okay
This is like Larry Sanders meets what's the racial blue show that was like so good
I loved it. Hex no the new one on Hulu
I would really loved it so much. Oh reboot
Best on television best of all time legitimately best of all time. Well you haven't seen Jory
So let's get some story. This is just we are in the writer's room. It's a gig and Michael Kee and Judy Greer
We're like fucking they've no chemistry
I loved it
What's sorry? What arouses
That part of the show
Rachel Bloom
Okay, okay, we're breaking sorry
So do you want to switch? Are you saying you want us to just to just pitch George's real life?
I mean are you guys ready to do this like that? Yeah, I want to do your little show
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't talk for a Jeffrey Jeffrey. I want to do the segment
But are you saying that we're pitching George's real life? No, I'm okay, so this is it
It really explain the conceit of this segment. I made a whole graphic to make it clear
I'm just like, is it as wacky boss or it's like real boss Dan Gore?
It's based on true events in your life.
But we're making it a bit wacky, fine, for now we're out for me.
For the comedy.
Because ultimately it's not a documentary.
It's a sitcom.
I think it'd be fun if jewelry is like always slipping.
Am I doing that in real life?
I know.
No, we just said that we're expanding it for network.
Like, we just that we're making it broad.
And I feel like nothing's finding something.
I thought I was doing this segment perfectly.
I thought I just gave up with like a really good picture.
I guess I don't know where the lines of fiction and reality are.
I think it could be anywhere.
There are no where I am.
So I think I'm slipping on this.
What if I'm a family man?
It's really funny.
What do you mean?
You don't have a family.
It's based on your real life.
Yeah, but I'm not always slipping.
You're always getting in trouble.
Yeah.
But like you could be 27 single and out of a family and slip.
And that's like within the bounds of the public.
Right.
You don't have a kid.
So we're not going to give you a kid.
You don't have a wife or a wife.
What if he's always extending it?
That's funny.
I'm not.
All right.
No.
Say your piece.
Stop saying me.
You are the one who has to be on camera.
Like this is jewelry.
And like this is the kind of thing that by the way like
New Yorkers are going to gather in Times Square
with the Cincinnati Aquivalent.
If I have a found square, I would say if I'm if I'm the star of the show,
it's episode 318 and people are loving it.
Yeah.
If we could not speak in hypothetical.
Okay.
So it's episode 318.
So it's episode 318 people have been loving the show.
Loving it by the way.
Like, you know, in today's numbers.
So it's still something.
There's an audience.
Yeah.
It's not at an eight.
You're out of one.
So could I be like in the way that like the rock insist that he can't lose.
Can't lose in any of his things.
Can I?
It's not going to be.
He says he can't lose.
He can't lose and they have to be pro-war.
What?
Wow.
Do you think they're up?
Sorry, pro the army.
I should say.
Which is December.
Well, that means they all have to be pro the army.
Like, you can't have it.
What about the two fairy?
That's funny.
Uh, they just can't say anything bad about the military.
The military has to be like really awesome.
Have you guys heard of it?
Yeah.
Rock.
I think.
Are you supposed to sexualize him?
I think he's utterly sexless.
I think in that movie he did with Gal Gadot, where they're in love.
It's like, I've never seen two just smoother.
Like $10.
People.
Yeah.
Literally.
Like.
And would you say he is an uncut gem?
Yeah.
It's pretty cut.
Okay.
This girl is um.
Because you had a bad.
Broken.
Sweet.
I have pitched two character traits about the military.
She's been doing a good stuff.
I need the cast.
I actually haven't been really active in the room.
Here's what you need to do.
You need to say who our cast is.
Okay.
I would say you two are featured players.
But don't say YouTube.
Like be like, okay.
There's blank.
Yeah.
Like there's George Kisses.
Okay.
Yeah.
Haha.
There's Kramer.
I guess.
Oh yeah.
It's really cool.
If I'm like.
What if I'm like learning?
Who are the characters?
George.
Name us.
Just describe us.
Just like George's choice.
You know what I've ever seen a multi-cam shoot.
George, just describe us.
It's like.
And playing this guy is like.
Oh.
And describe us in in multi-cam character.
Lingo.
That's we're asking for.
Okay.
I would say.
You go from the least featured to the same characters.
Okay.
Let's go.
Least featured.
And I'm one of the six.
Yes.
You're your number one on the call sheet.
Okay.
I'm number one on the call sheet.
We'll go.
Oh.
Okay.
George is wacky neighbor.
KELBY.
That's our landlord.
That's a really landlord.
Truly is the most normal guy.
Yeah.
He does not look like a Kelpie.
He's like.
You just guarded anywhere.
Short swing.
It's too cold.
Yeah.
What's very filling.
Um.
Okay.
I think structurally.
It's like you have your me character.
You would have a the the will they won't they type.
Which is who.
Uh.
When I'm getting them.
Filling the archetypes first.
And then we're working backwards.
Yeah.
we have our, like, a pair of characters
that is a couple, and then a pair of characters
that are wild cards.
You're Joe and Phoebe, so to speak.
You think that's, I think I'm kind of predictable.
Well, yeah, but in the show,
Jeffrey, like, we're talking more,
making up character.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
I think we could, but like,
I think the sea stories you would get up to
would be very easy to write.
It'd be like, Jeffrey goes to a kink party,
or Jeffrey jerk off so long.
It's a little chilly.
Yeah, to go the opposite.
Wait, you are Joe and I am Phoebe.
I've never seen friends.
Why?
But what about the show?
Stupid, wait, for real?
I've never seen him.
An episode.
You should watch an episode of friends.
I'm not like, oh my God, it's gonna change your life,
but it's crazy, you haven't seen it.
I know.
Just at this point, it's like, I don't want to.
Part of me thinks,
Part of me wants Jeffrey to love it.
Like, I think when people love friends,
I find it like a little saccharin.
But if Jeffrey came in, like,
having really fallen for it,
and I was saying, like, how you do it?
No, that was me.
I watched the Godfather for the first time,
like a month ago, and my personality for four days
was the Godfather is so good.
My friends was a show you introduced me to an ad COVID,
and it's, I don't even remember the name of it.
The unicorn?
The greatest show about time.
And God, the funniest comedy ever to live.
This show wishes it could be the unicorn.
I was bringing, I was bringing the,
yeah, show that gumptia home.
Jury, I was bringing the unicorn up in meetings,
being like, it's the greatest comedy of all time.
I would have loved to be on the fucking unicorn.
Great cast.
Okay, let's get into it.
Let's just bring one.
You're not, who are we?
You've only said archetype.
I, who are the characters?
I said it was you.
I said it's, it's a, Jeffrey is like,
our, our Joey Tribiani.
You are, our tells it like it is.
No, not.
Stay Jewish.
Figuring.
No.
She's coming up with callbacks and catchphrase.
Yes, the show.
I got, had gumpugas.
Yes.
Wow.
We, both of us don't get Jury,
because so far, nothing about Gory is coming up.
We're building from the bottom up.
No, you keep saying that you're not doing anything.
And what I'm not, I don't wanna talk about my personal life,
really on this show.
I'm not liking as I'm number six in the cold.
I'm delaying getting to the will they won't they?
I don't wanna talk about that part of my life.
Okay, then you didn't have to bring up that archetype.
Yeah, you brought up the archetype.
Just, we don't like that.
You gotta, every sitcom has that anchor.
I'm not gonna deny that that has to be part of it.
The unicorn didn't.
Yeah.
The unicorn, it could also be a point.
Is that he's like singing a lot?
Yeah, which is so funny because he's set to make farhead,
but he is really hot.
But there wasn't like a consistent,
will they won't they?
Well, in how long that chill us?
Two seasons.
Let's get rid of the will they won't show us that last a while.
I have like a really good anchor, but will they won't they?
Whatever.
Cast, the other.
The other.
We haven't.
Four minutes.
The whole podcast left?
Yeah.
Wait, what are their segments now?
The show is going very well until this.
Yeah, is it wrong to blame him?
No.
Cast, we said very simply cast the show.
Okay, you didn't say it very simply.
He did.
Okay, like with real stars.
Uh, who the care of me?
You like the host should pick up on them.
We need to just switch segments.
He's not lighting.
He's not a good job.
Oh, this guy.
I guess like a Jennifer Aniston type.
And then I would just like a map of the long casting friends.
You've got two wild cards.
Okay.
Me and Emma.
Yeah, you guys.
And you have a couple.
Who's that?
A couple.
And I would, okay.
We're like, uh, I would say you guys are three and four on their call sheet.
And then the couple would be like an,
which is like an Angie, those are like friends Eli and
Eli Macvetsky and Andy.
And I want to say her last name is Corbin.
I don't know either, people.
And then the will they won't.
The will they won't, they, I think you should rewrite.
And we should not talk about it.
And we should add a different character.
Yeah, okay.
Well, I think it's like, um,
or like, I maybe then it's just like a family member who's
like invasive.
It's, yeah, it's like your mom.
Yeah, it's my fucking mom.
Oh, I was going to say, uh,
Margo.
Oh, that's fun too.
Like she's visiting.
And it's like, I got to.
Yeah, visit the whole, did she move in?
Oh, yeah, she's moved in.
Oh, where's the whole thing?
That's actually the conceit of Joey,
the spin-off of friends, I think.
Like he moves in with his cousin.
Andrea Anders.
This could have been a fun segment.
He's locked it up.
And my, maybe the pilot, and if we're going to back up,
there's like the pilot is that you were,
yes, we were breaking up as a three team.
I know.
We, that's not what it's doing.
George is credit.
That has not worked.
That was tough, I guess.
That, it just has not worked out.
Uh, the pilot is Margo,
who is at this point, a famous musician
under the name, Go and George.
Oh, it's like cheer.
So you meet Sam and you also have Diane.
And Diane is Margo's coming in and then Diane becomes a part
of the bar.
So Margo becomes a part of this career.
You're right, you're right.
It's telling us exactly.
But it's a thing where, because Margo,
your sister, uh, operating under the name,
girl George, as a musician, that's a little project.
Let's say that she's starting to get some traction this year.
Right?
You're writing the pilot this year.
You're getting traction in Hollywood as a writer.
Right.
You sell the show as a writer actor with her.
Art Hatch.
With her attached, because she's kind of like this,
like King Prince's level, uh, artist, right?
That people do know, but she's also on the rise.
So I think Billie Eilish, when she was what, 16, 15.
And so like there's heat, and you know what's going to go up.
It's almost guaranteed.
Uh, she's attached.
And as you rise as a sign-filled level star,
she rises as a Billie Eilish type.
And like, the show, like, learning from each other.
And the show is her getting famous.
And you guys have to deal with that.
Right, the more famous we got.
And then there was that famous episode, season two.
I think it was episode seven where she gets canceled.
Oh, yeah, she gets canceled and it was a big thing.
Yeah, Margo.
Yeah, and not King.
What did you do?
Margo wearing a Native American head dress?
Yeah.
And then saying a slur of a different race.
Um, so that's the A story.
That's the A story.
It gets canceled.
Yeah, the B story is, uh, you guys think I need to get out there more,
like dating like unicorns.
So you, you guys, and then you guys start computing.
We're in the Kayla lot, Kins and Rob Kourj from the Units.
And also can we cast the red.
So it's you playing you, your sister, Margo,
girl George, playing her.
Yeah, and then us playing each other more.
We really, but I have a question.
Yeah.
Let's cast who plays you.
Let's cast who plays me.
Who plays me?
I'd like to play me.
I'm sorry.
Okay, I don't want to play me.
Then who plays you?
Who do I look like?
Um, do you want us to say people who are Jewish?
Or are you going to point that out?
No, you can, you can do what you want to do.
And I'll decide what I want to say back.
Jenny Slate.
I mean, sure, she's on it.
She's a fun cast.
I think for that.
She's curly hair.
Honestly, I would take Jenny Slate.
And then, for me, I can just, they can, she can reunite with Ben Schwartz,
and then Ben can do brown face.
He's allowed.
Yeah.
Yeah, and it really makes that episode about getting canceled.
Super interesting.
Yeah.
Oh, it's self-aware, but missing it by that much.
She never was always any episode.
Rob, I'm not glad he did black face.
To make fun of Trump, I thunder.
I don't, but that's really.
You guys are always any heads.
I am, but I didn't, I haven't seen that episode.
Who plays E-Lan Andy?
Because they cannot play, they're not going to play.
They're not going to play, they're not going to play.
No, I think E-Li's play by, oh my gosh,
who's like a Timbalt's type.
That's bad casting.
You're not, okay.
They're all R-A, and then all of a sudden it's, yeah, with the stuff.
Sorry, no, I actually cast Jenny Slate,
like they can all play younger.
E-Li's going to be Timothy Schallemay doing his first steady TV gig,
and he's kind of selling it.
Okay, and then Andy is going to be Kendall Jenner.
You're giving Timothy Schallemay number five on the call.
Sorry, but like, I'm making 30 in episode.
I'm making $30,000 in episode.
That's pretty low.
Oh, that's really low.
Well, I haven't done much.
It's so low.
It's way more episode.
I'm making half a million dollars a fucking year Emma.
That's still, it's so low.
It's so low.
You've got to drop your reps.
Yeah, you have to fucking wrap this up.
That's what's the, what's the C story?
This is me and Kendall.
Yeah, sorry, it's him and the Schallemay and Kendall Jenner.
They're trying to find a third.
And the third is Walton Goggins.
Yeah.
All right, that feels like more like a new story.
I'm just, feels like it's not a character.
I think they're like, they're going through like some sort of couple issues.
I know, but when I'm at a King Party, I'm in my bag.
Like, I'm in my comfort zone, so it's not funny.
Them do try to find a third.
They're out of their comfort zone.
But you're helping me out of my comfort zone
by bringing me to a King Party anyway.
So that's sort of, that's like,
and how do I bring you out of your comfort zone?
You would offer, what would you real life offer me?
If you were like, oh, Georgie Sam, I fuck you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You guys, I, you're not good.
This is maybe not going to make the show.
This is a multi-cam.
There are no wrong ideas.
Wait, are you saying, what would I do to get you out of your comfort zone?
I don't know.
Yeah, if you're like, Georg, you need to put yourself out there
more.
What would you make me do?
Jeffrey would take me to a King Party,
which is like, that would certainly be putting myself
out there what would real life you do?
You help him by these pants.
Yeah, we do a little shopping montage.
We do a shop.
You, you give me a girl.
Because I'm a girl, I'm a girl, and I love to shop.
Girls shop.
And then, you've been anti-Semitic,
and you've been anti-women.
I'm both.
That's what I believe women.
I've been anti-mixed race.
Actually, you have.
I've been clean for the first time ever, honestly.
I think I've been clean.
Plugs.
We got to wrap this shit up.
You have a hard-out, and what's I going to say?
What's that?
What time is it?
12, 24.
Oh, yeah.
Plugs, what do you guys have going on?
When you want to point the people to the floor is yours.
Let's start with them, huh?
OK.
You people just came out of Netflix.
I watched it last night.
It's fine.
I watched an hour of it.
Did you work on that show?
No.
You're just plugging something.
Yeah.
You don't want to plug your social media?
No.
You're private.
I'm not private.
I'm public.
They can find me.
But what else?
What else?
Shook on wedding.
Came out.
I haven't watched it yet.
I didn't mean it in our episode.
Yeah, that is a lot.
It's just like, because I like to have the ground clearance.
So a little bit of ankle.
But then when you sit, it's just, you don't ever want to see the calf.
Mm-hmm.
OK.
Can I plug marinating chickpeas?
You're not.
Dorkies?
I understand.
Did I understand?
Did I understand the segment?
I'm just saying that the thing people should do.
Is marinating chickpeas?
Take two cans of chickpeas.
A half a cup of olive oil.
Some white wine vinegar.
And chop up some garlic, salt pepper.
Let it sit there.
I don't know if I've ever been mad at you.
You're like a friend.
I don't think I've ever had a reason to be mad at you.
I'm pissed right now for this plug.
I just say, I care more about people knowing that that is a possibility.
Damn.
Then saying anything about me.
I'm nothing to plug.
Just a life and be present and feel your feelings and go, you know, smell, smell, fresh air.
Oh, goblop the salad.
What was that?
It's somebody from some Indian media in Hindu being like, please don't go.
Okay, George, I'll promote my food Instagram.
It's food, the word, George Saba.
My name, G.O.R.G.S.S.A.
It's so mad.
If you're watching things on peacock, you should watch killing it.
It's funny show.
We have a second season coming out soon.
And then grand crew, the second season,
available on NBC or peacock premieres in April.
How about you?
At Jeffrey G.O.M. is on Instagram.
At Jeff Boardy on Twitter.
And also, you can take dinosaur kale and rip it off, massage it.
That's for watching stuff.
So the head compartment.
You're like really wanting to win your career with them.
Jeffrey, I have a real question before we wrap.
What do you think of new review review?
Do you think it's better?
I think it's really good.
I think it's better.
You think it's better?
I think it's better than I listen to it.
But I think it's great.
Yeah, also listen to the new review review.
Yeah.
I'd say like you should throw to that more.
Just notice that you were saying.
No, so rude.
Let me put him on that spot.
He put me on this spot this whole time.
You guys have only been rude to me.
I have, we had, really no, for now the last week,
two plugged the show.
Yeah.
How did I want you to?
They're not here right now.
Yeah.
I'm going to listen to the newer review review.
I want you to know their chemistry is great.
I think it's not, maybe not better.
But I think it's different in a new exciting way.
I like the fact that I'm on this show.
Like, what are you saying by my freaking back?
What did you say?
Well, I think you also watch Gory on, what is it?
It's on Netflix.
Oh, Netflix.
Well, Netflix is weirdly enough the production company.
And then the studio is expedient.
Right.
And then the net work is to say, what's the platform?
So would it not just be paramount plus?
Oh, paramount plus.
Yeah.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I just thought of a better James Bond.
Okay.
And I know he was in the last one.
But wouldn't it be really fun for Romney Malik?
I saw this morning.
That was like, we got a stop day fiction test.
We got a stop taking pictures of this man of Romney Malik.
That's really fun.
He's like, there's a treat that's like,
robbing Malik's energy is so unsettling.
You scared me now.
I could go for another hour.
I'll move my doctor point on you.
Jeffrey and the break asked if I microdisc because I'm being so giggly.
Is that what you guys talked about by my back?
No, we were going to make fun of your car.
And then we brought him in a coffee, which is really nice of you.
Absolutely.
So we both, because Emma was like, what should we like jointly make fun of George
for as a runner?
That he doesn't know we talked about saying.
And then he was brought in.
He was a coffee, which is really nice.
Anyway, I don't know where I'm going to cut here.
So I'll just say that's does.
Just in case we keep this all in.
But that's, I'm probably going to cut away before this.
No, no, no, I think I was before going.
I think we'll probably.
It's the 27-minute episode.
That was a hit-gum original.